HOW MANY EVENTS DO YOU DO PER YEAR (HOW MUCH EXPERIENCE DO YOU HAVE)?

This is probably THE most important question you will ask. Ideally, the professional you are interviewing should have ample experience (specifically with weddings if you are getting married).

Why it's Important: Not only will an experienced vendor be obviously more skilled in their profession, it also ensures that they have a track record on working with other vendors and handling matters if something goes wrong.

2
DO YOU USE A CONTRACT?

The hiring, booking, or retaining of the majority of professional services found on Decidio will absolutely merit a contract. Remember that a contract is designed to protect both you and the business, and virtually all reputable vendors will have one available for your review. If the vendor you are interviewing does not use contracts, you should seriously consider moving on to the next one on your list. The exception to this rule is if it is not standard practice for that type of service to use contracts (such as when buying wedding/party invitations or favors).

3
DO YOU HAVE ANY REVIEWS ON DECIDIO.COM?

Real referrals from satisfied clients are hard to fake. Decidio verifies the customer contact information for each posted review for authenticity. If they do not have any reviews posted from previous customers, ask why not. With up to ten thousand brides and party planners using our site every day (including yourself), most reputable businesses will have at least a few reviews regarding the quality of their service. Before hiring, call and ask questions to both previous customers and professional references.

4
HOW MUCH DO YOU COST (INCLUDING PACKAGE PRICING)?

After you are satisfied with the vendor's qualifications, price will naturally be the next highest concern when making your final determination on which professional you hire. Remember that pricing for professional services is relative, especially when you factor in experience, skill level, and reputation. The better quality (most talented/experienced/sought after) professionals will naturally cost more because their reputation and level of skill justify their rate.

5
WHAT SPECIFICALLY IS INCLUDED IN THAT COST?

What is included in specific packages will vary from vendor to vendor, so it's likely that you won't be able to compare which best suits you without first doing a little figuring. Don't make the common mistake in assuming that the lowest cost package will automatically be the best deal. Take into account that higher quotes may include services you want or are considered "must haves", but are not included in lower priced packages.

6
ARE THERE ANY ADDITIONAL FEES?

Make sure you ask what (or if) additional costs such as travel fees, setup fees, taxes, service charges, etc will be included in the final price. These costs should be itemized and clearly defined in your contract before you sign, which leads to our next question.

7
WHAT IS YOUR CANCELLATION POLICY IF EITHER YOU OR I CANCEL?

Sometimes life does not go as planned, and a cancellation of services is needed. Ask if the contract has a provision for cancellations. Also ask if part of your deposit is refundable if you cancel before a certain date. Finally, ask if the vendor has a back up plan if something happens to them and they unexpectedly cancel.

8
DO YOU CARRY LIABILITY INSURANCE?

Liability insurance protects you in case an unfortunate accident occurs on the date of your event. Reputable businesses will answer "Yes" to this question, as most "fly by night" operations do not invest in insurance.

9
DO YOU HAVE A SOCIAL MEDIA PRESENCE ONLINE?

Just like with liability insurance, reputable businesses will appear online in various ways, including Facebook, Twitter, and other forums. Less reputable businesses will tend not to participate in social media, as new customers will be able to quickly learn from the feedback posted by previous unhappy customers and stay away.